bonjour je m'appelle Michel welcome to
the Paris Motor Show I'm Michele Tinson
director of communications for Saab cars
North America I have the pleasure of
sharing with our US constituents our
employees dealers and media recent saud
news surrounding the Paris Motor Show it
is definitely a very exciting time for
Saab on Friday September 24th American
axial aam announced the formation of a
jointly owned company for the
engineering development and marketing of
innovative electric all-wheel drive
systems as well as electric and hybrid
driveline systems the new company called
e aam driveline systems will be based in
trollhättan the joint venture will
commence operations on October 1st EA
a.m. will develop a market an innovative
electric all-wheel-drive system in a
full-service package this electric
all-wheel drive system can be easily
integrated into existing platforms
minimizing vehicle architectural changes
Saab will become a client of EA a.m.
driveline systems purchasing components
to be used in next-generation saud
vehicles from 2012 the new company will
also market its expertise and advance
products to other car manufacturers on a
global basis on September 29th in
trollhättan
Sweden Saab automobile and BMW announced
an agreement for the supply of engines
to be used in next-generation sadh
vehicles under the purchase supply and
development agreement BMW will supply
Saab with four-cylinder 1.6 litre
turbocharged gasoline engines from 2012
the engines will be adapted to meet Saab
specific requirements the contract was
signed on Wednesday in trollhättan
Sweden participating in the signing
where Saab Automobile CEO Yannick
Johnson Saab Automobile chairman Victor
Muller and Ian Robertson a member of the
board of management of BMW AG is
responsible for sales and marketing this
venture will provide Saab with an even
more advanced portfolio and
opportunities to expand our owner base
even more additionally on September 29th
our very own chairman of Saab Automobile
Victor Muller was honored by automotive
news of Europe as Entrepreneur of the
year congratulations to our tenacious
leader this honour is selected by a
prestigious panel of automotive
journalists for exhibiting outstanding
entrepreneurial spirit by saving the
Saab brand and heritage through the
recent acquisition of Saab on March 1st
today's September 30th at the Paris
Motor Show Saab announced the 9 3 e
power sport combi the first electric
vehicle for Saab approximately 70
vehicles will participate in a test
suite in sweden next year and even a
possible appearance in the US the
vehicle offers a zero emissions driving
range greater than an e v currently in
production using high-density
lithium-ion battery cells provided by
Boston powers of Boston Massachusetts
the 9 3 e power has a projected driving
range of 200 kilometers are 120 miles
and is powered by a hundred and eighty
four horsepower electric motor giving 0
to 100 horsepower in just eight point
five seconds the e V Tesla program is
designed to evaluate and consider the
potential for developing a
high-performance sobby V Saab Automobile
also announced three new engines for the
all-new 9 v doubling its car train menu
a low emissions 93 1.9 liter diesel only
in the European markets delivering
outstanding combined cycle fuel economy
of four and a half liters for 100
kilometers 119 g/km of co2 emissions a
2.0 liter diesel with two-stage turbo
charging also for European markets and
the 2.0 liter turbo bio power engine the
most sophisticated expression of Saab
biopower flex fuel technology running on
e85 fuel and/or gasoline and any blends
delivering peak of power of 220
horsepower on either fuel this variant
will be available in the US market in
summary as you can see Saab is back and
at the forefront of new product and
technology we are creating prestigious
partnerships we have ambitious plans
that are taking shape and in the US
sales for September are up as of today
our US sales are above last month and
above last September as a matter of fact
September will be the best month for the
u.s. this year and could be our best
month in last year-and-a-half
stay tuned for more exciting Saab news
along our journey and at upcoming Auto
shows around the world merci beaucoup
thank you